" ". If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. told by Anonymous
" ". Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. told by John Wooden
" ". To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. told by Anonymous
" ". If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. told by Jim Rohn
" ". Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. told by Anonymous
" ". Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. told by Swami Vivekananda
" ". All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. told by Walt Disney
" ". Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. told by Anonymous
" ". If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. told by Winston Churchill
" "" ". Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. told by Proverb
" "" ". Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. told by Vaibhav Shah
" "" ". Opportunities don't happen, you create them. told by Chris Grosser
" "" ". Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. told by Albert Einstein
" "" ". Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. told by Eleanor Roosevelt
" "" ". I have not failed. I've just found " "" "," "" "" " ways that won't work. told by Thomas A. Edison
" "" ". If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it. told by Kim Garst
" "" ". A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. told by David Brinkley
" "" ". No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. told by Eleanor Roosevelt
" "" ". The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. told by Henry Ford
" "" ". If you're going through hell keep going. told by Winston Churchill
" "" ". The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. told by Anonymous
" "" ". What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.told by  Oscar Wilde
" "" ". The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. told by Anonymous
" "" ". The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. told by Bruce Feirstein
" "" ". When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. told by Lolly Daskal
" "" ". Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. told by John D. Rockefeller
" "" ". No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.told by  Anonymous
" "" ". Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. told by Nathaniel Hawthorne
" "" ". If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. told by Albert Einstein
" "" ". Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Do one thing every day that scares you. told by Anonymous
" "" ". What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. told by Lolly Daskal
" "" ". Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. told by Anonymous
" "" ". You can do anything, but not everything. told by Anonymous
" "" ". Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. told by Steve Jobs
" "" ". There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. told by Ray Goforth
" "" ". Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. told by Dr. APJ Kalam
" "" ". I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. told by Thomas Jefferson
" "" ". The starting point of all achievement is desire. told by Napolean Hill
" "" ". Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. told by Robert Collier
" "" ". If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. told by Thomas J. Watson
" "" ". All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. told by Michael John Bobak
" "" ". You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. told by Philippos
" "" ". Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear. told by Mark Twain
" "" ". Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. told by Pablo Picasso
" "" ". People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. told by Zig Ziglar
" "" ". We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret. told by Earl Nightingale
" "" ". The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. told by Vidal Sassoon
" "" ". The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place. told by Guy Kawasaki
" "" ". I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing. told by Martha Stewart
" "" ". It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. told by Anonymous
" "" ". The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. told by Colin R. Davis
" "" ". The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. told by Ralph Nader
" "" ". Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. told by Maya Angelou
" "" ". As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. told by Bill Gates
" "" ". A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. told by Henry Kravis
" "" ". The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. told by Mark Caine
" "" ". People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. told by Tony Robbins
" "" ". When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. told by Audre Lorde
" "" ". Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. told by Mark Twain
" "" ". The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. told by Bruce Lee
" "" ". Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. told by Swami Vivekananda
" "" ". Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. told by Dale Carnegie
" "" ". If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. told by  Jim Rohn
" "" ". If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient. told by Gurbaksh Chahal
" "" ". Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. told by Robert Kiyosaki
" "" ". If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! told by T. Harv Eker
" "" ". You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. told by Steve Jobs
" "" ". Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to doDon't wish it were easier, wish you were better. told by Jim Rohn
" "" ". The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. told by Napoleon Hill
" "" ". The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. told by Denis Watiley
" "" ". In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. told by Jane Smiley
" "" ". Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. told by George Bernard Shaw
" "" ". I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. told by Diane Ackerman
" "" ". You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. told by Michael Jordan
" "" ". Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. told by Jim Ryun
" "" ". People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. told by Dale Carnegie
" "" ". There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. told by Ella Wheeler Wilcox
" "" ". Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. told by Francis Chan
" "" ". You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. told by George Lorimer
" "" ". To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like. told by Mike Gafka
" "" ". Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. told by  John C. Maxwell
" "" ". Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. told by Wayne Dyer
" "" ". To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.told by  Anatole France
" "" ". Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. told by Dale Carnegie
" "" ". You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. told by Booker T. Washington
" "" ". Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. told by Theodore N. Vail
" "" ". It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. told by Herman Melville
" "" ". Fortune sides with him who dares. told by Virgil
" "" ". Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it. told by Washington Irving
" "" ". Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. told by Truman Capote
" "" ". Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. told by John R. Wooden
" "" ". You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. told by Margaret Thatcher
